#EU full-time students

type_of_student: eu-full-time
what_year: year_1314
continuing_student: yes
outcome

type_of_student: eu-full-time
what_year: year_1415
continuing_student: no
outcome

type_of_student: eu-full-time
what_year: year_1314
continuing_student: yes
outcome

type_of_student: eu-full-time
what_year: year_1415
continuing_student: no
outcome

#EU part-time students

type_of_student: eu-part-time
what_year: year_1314
continuing_student: yes
outcome

type_of_student: eu-part-time
what_year: year_1415
continuing_student: no
outcome

type_of_student: eu-part-time
what_year: year_1314
continuing_student: yes
outcome

type_of_student: eu-part-time
what_year: year_1415
continuing_student: no
outcome
